Kill, don't say you cows
Not a boss opponent
Even if you get lucky
Your legacy is cut off and hopeless
Destined to survive
Can't get to the top
To understand
Who told you?
Our fifth letter of cultivators has been cut off.
Hahahaha
You woman is really ridiculous
Obviously defeated into the fifth peak
I didn't even know that.
I'll tell you what.
This world values strength and status
And the virtual technique you learned at the fifth peak
Lost for many years
This is also why your fifth letter
The annual meeting is at the bottom
Shangguan Yue, the Lord
The reason for the delay in breaking through to the seventh level first
Sumeru
I did teach the slow part to Yueer
It's just that after the battle with the demons, I melted and died
No opportunity to teach the second half
That's what led to everything today
Caused the guard of the fifth seal
That being the case
So what if the inheritance is broken?
My fifth letter is a direct inheritance from my master, Immortal Qingyun
Despite the difficulties and dangers, despite the countless crises
Will pass him on
It's ridiculous
ignorance
You can talk big.
Then you have to wait for you to break through first
Let's go to the seventh level first
Who told you that the inheritance of the fifth letter has been broken?
Sumeru Light Complete Technique
here.